Hello! It's Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai, here.
Today I'll be challenging a game that uses the Oculus Rift, SUPERHOT.
"SUPERHOT" is an FPS game developed by Polish indie studio SUPERHOT Team.
This hot game raised over $100,000
in under 24 hours on Kickstarter!
If the player isn't moving, time will be
stopped for the enemies as well.
That's the special rule.
To put it simply, it's a world like The Matrix's scene
Where like this...
They dodge bullets.
That's enough explanation. Let's get into it.
Let's play!
What a nice, beautiful shoe we have here.
Oh!
This is...
I need to take down this guy, he's close.
So first, I'll...
Make a fist...
And punch him!
So cool! Oh something's written there.
"Dance..." something.
And then...
These guys with the guns,
how do I take them out?
Dodge the bullets.
Wait, isn't 3 vs 1 just unfair?
Yoooo...
So many!
It's gonna hit
It's gonna hit! It's gonna hit!
That guy... He's not shooting at all, he's great.
Huh?
Was that it?
These guys must be shaken by my genius.
Now we just take the gun
So close
Ah! I took it.
Take the gun,
Then shoot.
Yes!
Take the gun, shoot, got him.
Take the gun, BANG.
Yeah!
How was that, my masterful gun handling?
Ah, they're close.
This is...
Only one has a gun, so for now...
Toss! Ah!
Farewell, my love.
Right now
I need to just
kill off these two.
And then...
Oh! So many.
They're just shooting everywhere.
I can hold on to these two...
DUAL WIELDING.
Waaaaahhhh!!!
I'm safe! I'm safe! I'm safe!
Take this...
*toss*
Take and
Ah! Got it.
Am I a genius?
Ah! Hello.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Kizuna Ai.
O- Yeah.
Ahhhh! There's more over there!
Ah! It's empty.
Ah!
That tactic just now was legendary.
I make the enemy let their guard down, then take their gun.
Boom!
Ah! Something is coming out
Ah, there's still another.
Wah!
Hey! Hi!
How are you doing?
Have a drink.
Ah, it didn't hit.
Ahhh! Hello, there are more of you now.
Your friend, I guess?
And then...
This is not good *laugh*
Oops...
Oops!
Where is...
Bottles!!
So close!
I don't want to die!
Ah! I just died.
died...
When you die...
the game takes you back to this...
Cinderella's shoe, I guess.
This place looks like the first round
there are only these guys
Punch this guy, then carefully watch the sides
By the way, when I move ... the time
Ah! Not good, I just got careless
The time keeps flowing
[ Big movement will cause the time to flow ]
How about it?
I steel a gun!
And shoot!!
Looks like he shot his ally.
How is it?
I have become well, right?
and...
Ah, Ah, Ah...
Hi?
I did like "teiya~~"
* Ai's punch onomatopoeia *
Too close!
Too close...! YAAAAAA
You have to move a lot when playing this
Dance Dance Dance
Ah! I got it
Does that mean...
I need dancing while dodging the bullet?
Um?
Dance...
Ah! It's like in the "Matrix" just now
*laugh*
I have to do it like this, right?
Then this guy come here! And...
Ah! I did it
Feels so great
Ah, this is like the last time
Hello! Nice to meet you! Kizuna Ai here
Got him
Isn't everything so smooth?
Ah! Gun
Ah! It fell
the scene which you dodge all the bullets
like this
Ah! It's like in "Matrix" just now
It shows up at "cool" moments
Then that means, I am cool
Sword?
I guess the stage is changing
I will take the sword ... Nitoryu (double swords)
Is that the end?
They are pretty far, aren't they?
Not good! Not good!
So close!
Ah! Maybe I should let them come close then
It is easier to aim at close range
Hello! Nice to meet you! My name is Kizuna Ai, I'm a Virtual Youtuber
OK!!!
Okey.
Got him!
maybe? *laugh*
Ah! I can't reach it
You guys are ...
frog in the well, aren't you (?)
Oh! That was great
So you are hiding here
Then look around for enemy's position
Take the weapon
It is pretty awesome
So firstly we should ...
take care of that troublesome-looking guy overthere
Ah! Ah! No! No ammo! No ammo!
This gun has two bullets...
I could fire pellet, but it's only two shots
I got it now
This one can be fired in full auto mode
Does anybody else?
There, and there...
He's avoided!
I got ... hit?
It is not fair when you shoot me from blind spot
OH! It is super cool! Isn't it "Super Hot" just now?
Take this one ...
Aim at the far one...
*laugh* It doesn't hit. It doesn't hit.
Not good
Not good. It doesn't hit
*laugh* It does not hit
It doesn't hit even when they are this close
Hello! Nice to meet you! I am Kizuna Ai the Virtual Youtuber
Ah! You wouldn't come close?
A little more, a little more
Ah! No, please don't be shy
Ah, you got a gun
He wouldn't let me steal it
Ah! By any chance that you are about to retire?
Then can I have ...
I mean AI-ly?
AI fellow should be friend with each other
Please be friends with me
He fell
Everything is great
I guess there are more enemy coming?
I see, it is up there
Ah? I got no bullets
This is bad. I got all excited just now and shot all the ammo
What should I do?
This is not good. I'm stuck
For now I will just ...
Avoid the bullets
What can I do? *laugh*
Bullets aren't coming out
Ah! I died
I got all excited ... but nothing is good
With this, firstly ... the guy at the far back
This time for sure I want to hit!
OH!!
Isn't it "Super Hot" just now?
[ Get excited ]
I know
Let's not forget about the enemy up there
Hello! Nice to meet you!
Ah! That is some nice muscle you got over there
I expected no less!
That's you....great...
That's you
Do you know about Kizuna Ai the Virtual Youtuber?
She is very popular now (get excited)
It is me ...
Would you like a drink tonight?
I give you. (bang)
Safe
Those one above are coming
I wonder if it hit?
Ah! Ah! It is just a joke
Oh really?
How did I died last time?
Yahoo!
Today ...
The weather is really nice, isn't it?
Are all of you red?
Give me some bullet please
Ah! At time like this ...
SPECIAL MOVE ...
Did i got hit?
This part is pretty easy
Would you do me a favor and skip it please?
And... I'm used to play this part.
Last time I did it like this
How about that?
Ah! It doesn't work
No way!!
You guys are tough
Okey, I did it.
good.
The next one is the problem
I wonder if I can carry the gun to the next stage
Ah! I can't
How about I do it like this
"I will take the gun -> punch this guy -> shoot the 2 above"
AAAHHH! Eh?
(direct hit)
It is a game of speed
I will not forgive him this time
Ai-chan will uses her "Sa Shi Su Se So"
The new "Sa Shi Su Se So" (reference to another of her video)
1 more person
I got it. I got excited. It is not good
"Superhot"
AH! Your muscle is so great!
(Sa) Can I touch it?
I can't do it when confused...
(Shi) It is so firm
It is so great
Great muscle
Can I borrow the gun, please?
Actually I am...
My hobby is making clothes ...
(Su) Can I take your measurement?
The new "Sa shi su se so" is useful even in battle
How great is it?
So great!
At time like this, everyone please try to use the new "Sa shi su se so"